RECIPE: Let's first make the Piñata cake shell. I have used Dark Choclate, you can melt it on a double boiler or microwave it for 30 seconds mix and then 30 seconds till it melts completly. Then we will take a heart shaped diamond cut piñata cake mold and add the melted choclate and swirl it so that all the sides are coated well. After that remove the excess choclate and refrigerate it for 5 minutes(not freezer). Put some more choclate and apply a second layer, if needed remove the excess choclate and refrigerate it.

Second step- Let's make pancake for this recipe. In a mixing boul add all purpose flour[Maida], powdered sugar, baking powder, baking soda and mix well, then add milk[Warm] and melted butter, mix it for 5-10 seconds. Transfer it to greased non-stick pan and keep it for 5 minutes on low flame after that move it onto a pan and this would take around 10-15 minutes. If you want you can bake this in your regular cake tin or you can use a ready cake/bake a cake for this recipe. After the pancake is done let it set in the pan for 5 minutes and after that flip it and let it cool down. Next cut a heart shape using the mold.
Next step is to move the cake to a cake board or a plate and cover it with some frosting, you can use choclate ganache/choclate spread/whipped cream.
Next add some Ferrero Rocher pieces this step is optional and place it on the cake. You can place candies, choclate and sprinkles of you choice
Demold the shell and be gentle and careful. Loosen the sides and the flip it over and carefully pull the mold. As the edges of the shell is not smooth, so for that heal a pan for 7-8 seconds, then place the shell and carefully move it and once you see that the edges are done quickly lift the heart be careful while you do this Carefully place the choclate shell on the cake.
If you want you can add edible gold luster dust and oil and mix it. Use a brush or a toothbrush to sprinkle the edible gold luster dust on the choclate shell. This is optional
Drizzle some white choclate on the shell and add some sprinkles or anything of your choice. Finally use a Piñata cake hammer and break the heart open.
Hope you will give this recipe a try, have lots of fun in the process as you toy and most of all don't forget to ENJOY!!